We've actually already added this dependency to our project,
but I want to point out that this is all you had to
do to begin using Spring Data JPA.
We have the spring‑data‑jpa‑boot‑starter jar added to our project,
and it's just added through Maven.
The other nice thing is that any incompatible transitive
dependencies are already excluded by using their version.
So if we add this dependency to our project using their dependency management,
it's handled any of the inconsistencies or problems that we
wouldn't want to import into our project.
Everything is set up, and we're ready to go from the downloading or inclusion of library aspect.